# Exercise W1-E4

## Instructions

1. Open a new Terminal window.

2. Go to `/home/ubuntu/Dev/praticas-devsoft/infosimples-repo/week1/exercises/w1-e4`.

  NOTE: the next steps assume this is your working directory. If you change directory using `cd`, you might need to adapt those steps accordingly.

3. Create a new, empty file in this directory named `w1-e4-solution.sh`.

4. Write, in the file you just created, a _shell script_ that receives a Unix command name as the first argument and outputs a simple description of the command. The command description should be written by you, according to your understanding of what the command does. You can also describe the  most relevant command options and give usage examples.

  Your script should work for, at least, the following commands: `cd`, `ls`, `pwd`, `cat`, `rm`, `mv`, `chmod`, `man` and `time`.

6. Run the automated tests on your solution:
  ```
  $ rspec w1-e4-spec.rb
  ```

  The command above will run a script that performs automated tests on your solution.
  If your script does not perform as expected, errors will be reported and you should fix them before proceeding to the next step.

  __NOTE:__ you have probably noticed that this exercise is much harder to test automatically, because the automation script would have to understand the text of the output somehow and decide whether it makes sense. Because of the nature of this exercise, the testing script is very naïve, and will only perform basic checks. Actual human beings will correct your solution later, so no cheating! ;)

7. Run the following command to submit your exercise:
  ```
  # IMPORTANT: replace "XXXXXX" with your N.USP.
  $ ./w1-e4-submit.sh XXXXXX
  ```

8. Check your submission by going to: https://github.com/infosimples/praticas-devsoft-2015-01/commits/users/YOUR_NUSP
