# Exercise W2-E3

1. Make sure you have no uncommited changes in your repository.

  __Hint:__ use the `git status` command to do that.

2. Checkout the `improve_brownie_recipe` branch.

3. Create a new branch named `u_NUSP/b2`.

4. Checkout the branch `u_NUSP/b2`.

5. We will now merge the branch `master` into the current branch (`u_NUSP/b2`), to keep them in sync. To do that, run `git merge master`.

6. Since both branches have made conflicting changes to the `brownie.md` file, the automatic merge will fail and you will have to manually resolve some conflicts.

  __HOW TO MANUALLY RESOLVE CONFLICTS:__ when a merge fails, Git will change the conflicted file (in this case, `brownie.md`) and add marks to tell you the parts of the file that each commit changed. You should edit this file in a text editor (eg, Sublime Text) until the file looks like a unified, consistent file.

  __NOTE__: when solving the conflicts, assume the most recent commit has precedence. To find out which is the latest commit, you can use the `git log --all` command.

7. After updating the `brownie.md` file, you should `git add` the file that had conflicts and commit your changes, This will complete the merge operation. In this "merge commit", use the following commit message:

  ```
  Fix brownie recipe.
  ```

8. Finally, run the automated tests to check your work:

  ```
  $ rspec /home/ubuntu/Dev/praticas-devsoft/infosimples-repo/week2/exercises/w2-e3/w2-e3-spec.rb
  ```

8. Push the branch to GitHub. This push should update the branch `u_NUSP/b2`.

  __Hint__: you can use the `git push` command full syntax:
  ```
  git push {remote} {local_branch}:{master_branch}`
  ```
  replacing "{remote}", "{local_branch}" and "{master_branch}" with the appropriate values.

  __IMPORTANT: DO NOT PUSH TO MASTER. PUSHING TO MASTER WILL CAUSE YOU TO LOSE POINTS.__
