week3/exercises/w3-e1/w3-e1.md, before:

# Exercise W3-E1

## TL;DR

Create a ruby script (`w3-e1-solution.rb`) with a function **factorial** that
calculates the factorial of a non-negative integer.


## Step-by-step instructions

1. Open a new Terminal window.

2. Go to `/home/ubuntu/Dev/praticas-devsoft/infosimples-repo/week3/exercises/w3-e1`.

  NOTE: the next steps assume this is your working directory. If you change
  directory using `cd`, you might need to adapt those steps accordingly.

3. Create a new, empty file in this directory named `w3-e1-solution.rb`.

4. Write, in the file you just created, a function **factorial** that receives a
non-negative integer as argument and returns its factorial.

6. Run the automated tests on your solution:
  ```
  $ rspec w3-e1-spec.rb
  ```

  The command above will run a script that performs automated tests on your
  solution.
  If your script does not perform as expected, errors will be reported and you
  should fix them before proceeding to the next step.

7. Submit your exercise, by pushing your branch to GitHub. The push should
update the branch w3/YOUR_NUSP.

  ```
  git push origin w3/YOUR_NUSP
  ```

8. Check your submission by going to:
https://github.com/infosimples/praticas-devsoft-2015-01/commits/w3/YOUR_NUSP

Commit message:

Add setup instructions for Week 3

week3/exercises/w3-e1/w3-e1.md, after:

# Exercise W3-E1

__IMPORTANT__: Before you start, make sure you have followed the <a href="https://github.com/infosimples/praticas-devsoft-2015-01/blob/master/week3/exercises/README.md" target="_blank">Week 3 Setup Instructions</a>.

## TL;DR

Create a ruby script (`w3-e1-solution.rb`) with a function **factorial** that
calculates the factorial of a non-negative integer.


## Step-by-step instructions

1. Open a new Terminal window.

2. Go to `/home/ubuntu/Dev/praticas-devsoft/infosimples-repo/week3/exercises/w3-e1`.

  NOTE: the next steps assume this is your working directory. If you change
  directory using `cd`, you might need to adapt those steps accordingly.

3. Create a new, empty file in this directory named `w3-e1-solution.rb`.

4. Write, in the file you just created, a function **factorial** that receives a
non-negative integer as argument and returns its factorial.

6. Run the automated tests on your solution:
  ```
  $ rspec w3-e1-spec.rb
  ```

  The command above will run a script that performs automated tests on your
  solution.
  If your script does not perform as expected, errors will be reported and you
  should fix them before proceeding to the next step.

7. Submit your exercise, by pushing your branch to GitHub. The push should
update the branch w3/YOUR_NUSP.

  ```
  git push origin w3/YOUR_NUSP
  ```

8. Check your submission by going to:
https://github.com/infosimples/praticas-devsoft-2015-01/commits/w3/YOUR_NUSP
